Add Transactions reference (#615)
PostgREST/postgrest-docs: docs/transactions.rst

.. raw:: html

  <h1>Transactions</h1>

> Every :doc:`authenticated <auth>` request to an :doc:`API resource <api>` runs inside a transaction. The sequence of the transaction is as follows:

Author: Thanks Wolfgang! I'll correct to:

```suggestion
After :ref:`user_impersonation`, every request to an :doc:`API resource <api>` runs inside a transaction. The sequence of the transaction is as follows:
```
